hey world it's me and today I'm getting
ready to go to the academy Museum Gala
come along as we all collectively
clam it up Glam it up
let's do it
[Music]
it's like swimming
hair is getting set set exactly we're
gonna do a brown
eyebrow Nails the dress is brown my hair
is a form of brown so I kind of just
want to do a monochromatic
look tonight
[Music]
oski I hear you
come on stop it
oh you're so awesome
[Music]
sister I'll bring her up here after her
name's piggy piggy will make an
appearance she's really cute
because the dress is like this really
pretty dark brown and I kind of want to
do like
a bit lighter of a color on the nail so
it looks nice
[Music]
something that I do really like for fall
is like monochromatic fall colors so
like Berry colors and makeup Brown
there's pans beiges I think that I get
very inspired by the seasons
we're gonna try this kind of like little
flipped blowout
and we're gonna see how it looks and if
we hate it then we'll have to quickly
pivot exactly it's gonna be like
voluminous 90s
blowout
with a flip with a little flip on the
ends
I do feel like I wear my hair up often
so I feel like I don't know just wanted
to switch it out today I think it feeds
a little bit more into like the
monochromatic look that I want to go for
with the dress and you know the makeup
and the hair
[Music]
obviously I had to do my peptide glazing
fluid and barrier restore cream which is
how I always print my skin for any
makeup or any carpet well the first
thing that always is the plan is the
outfit because you can't really like
decide what you want to do with your
hair and makeup until you know it is
nowhere so we tried to dress on on
Thursday today is Saturday
so once we decided I think I started
thinking about what I might want the
vibe to be for their makeup and then you
know we usually set aside at least two
two and a half hours to get ready figure
it out get everything done kind of all
collectively into the decision
foreign
[Music]
I just ordered some soup soup girl loves
it
this is the dress sitting on the shoes
so this is YSL
ope and they made this really beautiful
custom brown color for me
very grateful for because I love it
the gown
so the jewelry is Tiffany's
and we just have some really pretty
gemstones
but that's from the archive from the
safe not for sale not doing anything too
crazy with the jewelry just because I
feel like the dress is simple and I want
everything to feel kind of like suitable
still
this is piggy this is Oscar's little
sister she's very small she's a really
sweet little girl
say hello Piggy
piggy Lou Bieber everyone guys we have
to make a final decision game day
decision right now
do we like this
I mean I love the hair down too
Carla
coming okay
I can't decide usually like it's usually
[Music]
that's also
I love that
this is it I'm about to walk out the
door
very excited and I love my look almost
decided to change the hair the last
minute but we didn't
so here it goes
see you next time
[Music]